michel and joão canabrava on the flame blog
futilities
I write the double planet blog lives in
São Paulo is the meat
I live here on the river we talk a lot
beauty fashion behavior
I think I really split between the three
categories like travel speaks of health
but these are the main
Your daily cleaning routine is
clean toning and moisturize
or you jumped in that space in the states and
Ominous morning to the face with a soap
and after passing direct protector of
neighborhood that normally have occurred
Night idea I have a little bit more
of time but I do not have an intimacy
because the other three do not understand this
Intimacy she has come from a
Do you realize that this routine behind
benefits is always like this
there is one thing that we
Sometimes it's because of the time on the run.
is actually skipping the steps you do not
It's a lot but it's interesting people.
realize that each step has its value
and it should be made for us to remember the
that was said before
the first step of cleansing the skin is
really with a liquid soap
specific for the face that will do
all the cleaning as it should be done
After cleaning, we'll go to
The second step reminds you of any good
people will qualify the skin and for that
we will use the astringent lotion
for eyebrows in a well manner
similar to put a cotton one
people are also small.
times they have a misconception that how much
The more you put on the skin, the more you get
strip your skin will actually expel
an amount that is not interesting
for her we really only put one
little cotton and with the stick only you
You can also get across the face.
clear circular movement and
always upward
Now we go to the third one.
step we will moisturize the skin is always
cleaning toning and moisturizing this
part that I'm always afraid of
because on oily skin then there is always
that in fear of datta it 's just you 're a
doubt that many people have when the skin
very oily
we are afraid to put any
hydration because the
people confuse water and oil
but everyone knows that they do not if they
they do not mix, it's not for us then
maintain a healthy and independent skin
whether or not it is oily and moisturizing is
for all
Okay, let's not confuse water with doctors.
Ideally, in the day to day you do
this skin cleansing routine at the greatest
comfort you can achieve
here is talking about daily care
are the basic steps really
You have to have caring and care.
with the skin on a daily basis
For this, if we complete, we come with
protection factor
only on the market today there are several
how you can protect your
skin and squad eyebrow folks
worried about this too so I
with when you do what I do
you normally use the base that
you use in your hematologist
usually do not leave me to the base one
because normally the bases
as to the interpretation with the minor factor
that 30 and 31 is the minimum for her then
which can then in general I use a
30 separate protector spreads with taste
and then of a base or an orchard so
in one of two things is one after the
two products eurail nifty
in your case we have a product
perfect for this he is already a
The toner with protection factor 30 is
exactly one people talks a lot in factor
protection in cosmetics because
for this light detran
is not in the direct light of exposure to the
sun factor 30 it actually meets the
your needs
we have this factor not only in this
presentation with toner without
toner and also in powder
so you can rest easy to
choose how to protect yourself and
still beautiful
It's good now, here I am going to show you
so this is the pop of the line my day
it has the protection factor and you will
total your leg in a super way
simple
even so popular
most products with a high
protection factor of 30 so far
market is sometimes very
they are denser and mainly
pro dust
it is usually heavier or
be the finish so finished
a party but it has a lot of
over night exactly that here not
it has - just as in the composition it is
one of the components that leaves
extremely matt appearance
bit heavier with it you can not
apply with the brush it holds
lightness of skin but lets protect
That's cool, we 're already with the
Skin cleanses damaged and moisturized skin
and protected a good point I get
see a very nice and natural effect, right?
I'm sure in your day to day
You will end up no longer skipping any
step and will include the astringent lotion
now use all the tips your skin is going
thank you for sure people will
look and go to fix it every time
most beautiful, well-cared blog goes
Bombing certainly not required was a
rast of pleasure and hope that we get
loses soon